Clarify batch_send_deadline docs (#13758)
prometheus/prometheus: docs/configuration/configuration.md

  [ min_shards: <int> | default = 1 ]
  # Maximum number of samples per send.
  [ max_samples_per_send: <int> | default = 2000]

>   # Maximum time a sample will wait before its first send.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  # Maximum time a sample will wait for a send. The sample might wait less
  # if the buffer is full. Further time might pass due to potential retries.
```
